Clunker Motors Inc. is recalling all vehicles in its Extravagant line from model years 1999-2002 as well all vehicles in its Guzzler line from model years 2004-2007. Given variables  modelYear and modelName write a statement that assigns True to recalled if the values of modelYear and modelName match the recall details and assigns False otherwise.

    recalled = (modelName == "Extravagant" and
        1999<=modelYear and modelYear<=2002 or
		modelName == "Guzzler" and 2004<=modelYear
        and modelYear<=2007)


Clunker Motors Inc. is recalling all vehicles in its Extravagant line from model years 1999-2002. Given a variable  modelYear and a String modelName write a statement that prints the message "RECALL" to standard output if the values of modelYear and modelName match the recall details.

    if modelName == "Extravagant" and 1999 <= modelYear and modelYear <= 2002 :
    	print("RECALL")

    if modelYear == 1999 or modelYear == 2000 or modelYear == 2001 or modelYear == 2002 and modelName == "Extravagant":
        print("RECALL")  #?

Assume that x is a string variable  has been given a value. Write an expression whose value is true if and only if x is alphanumeric, that is either a letter or a decimal digit.

'A'<=x and x <='Z' or 'a'<=x and x <='z' or  '0'<=x and x <='9'

    x.isalpha or x.isdigit  #?
    x.isalpha() or x.isdigit()
    x.isalpha() and x.isdigit()   # ?


There will be an opportunity for extra credit later in the semester, although I haven't decided when or how yet.

I will move this homework from a 74-point basis to a 70-point basis:  you get four points for free.
